Hello everyone and welcome on the lecture for questions for students.
So for the lecture after here the question posited here an attempt an answer afterwards we're going
to go over some general advice for the question.
So first question is why did you choose this profession.
Slash your major.
It's a puzzle video now in answer the question.
OK.
So be honest about how you chose your major or profession unless you fell into it.
In that case you should be honest anyways but show that you have an abundance of enthusiasm about being
part of the field and you're highly motivated to succeed in it.
All right.
Next question What subjects did you enjoy the most and which did you enjoy the least puzzle video now
.
Answer the question.
All right.
This is a question that may define your strengths and weaknesses.
So use caution when you respond.
Be sure to align your subjects that you liked with the position and what it requires for the ones you
like the least.
Choose the ones that have no bearing on your future of the company.
So for instance if you're interviewing for a software development position it doesn't look so bad if
you disliked art history the most.
Just keep in mind if your interviewer has expressed any interest in specific courses or subjects.
Keep those in mind when you're answering the questions and don't talk down any particular subject.
Just say it wasn't for you.
Next question is What's your greatest achievement in school.
Pause the video now and answer the question.
All right.
This is an opportunity for you to show off with confidence.
So anthracis the things you want to highlight overall.
Just go for it and don't hold back.
And that's it for answering this question obviously will be personalized for you and what your greatest
achievement you felt was in school.
That's it for this section.
So good job.
Up next we'll discuss some special case questions.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture